Note on localization (#3784)
mozilla/pontoon: translate/README.md

You can read [more about pseudo-localization on Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pseudolocalization).

### Localizing Pontoon

> At this stage, only the translation workspace is localizable. Until the full application becomes localizable, Pontoon will not be available for localization on [pontoon.mozilla.org](https://pontoon.mozilla.org) and we will not be accepting translations for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this stage, only the translation workspace is localizable. Until the full application becomes localizable and we can provide an option for users to select their language, Pontoon will not be available for localization on [pontoon.mozilla.org](https://pontoon.mozilla.org) and we will not be accepting translations updates through pull requests.
```

Author: ```suggestion
At this stage, only the translation workspace is localizable. Until the full application becomes localizable and users can select their language, Pontoon will not be available for localization on [pontoon.mozilla.org](https://pontoon.mozilla.org) and we will not be accepting translation updates through pull requests.
```
